# Meetings

## 1. Task tracker

This `Todo` table keeps changing with every meeting. As tasks in the `Todo` table are completed, they are moved to the `Done` table. 

From the start of the easter break (Week 6), we've deprecated the use of the `Todo` and `Done` tables. We have now moved the tasks to Github Projects and documented team tasks there based on weekly sprints.

However, logs of standups and minutes can be found in the section [below](#2-meeting-minutes-most-recent-first).

### Todo

| Item                                             | Responsible | Due by     |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ----------- | ---------- |
| Tasks migrated to weekly sprints on Projects tab | Everyone    | 12.04.2021 |


### Done

| Item                            | Responsible | Done On  |
| ------------------------------- | ----------- | -------- |
| Draft data model                | Everyone    | 12.04.21 |
| Improve/finish prototype        | Ella, Josh  | 12.04.21 |
| Begin frontend                  | Ella, Josh  | 12.04.21 |
| Research game APIs              | Efan, Alan  | 18.03.21 |
| Create skeleton for report      | Keane       | 05.04.21 |
| Integrate Github with Jira      | Josh, Keane | 15.03.21 |
| Create paper prototype          | Ella, Josh  | 14.03.21 |
| Document prototyping            | Ella, Josh  | 14.03.21 |
| First round of end user testing | Everyone    | 17.03.21 |
| Data Model: database schema     | Alan        | 08.04.21 |

___

## 2. Meeting minutes (Most recent first)
This section contains all of our meeting minutes since the start of this group project.
After the last standup,, there was just documentation left to complete, we stopped logging minutes of documentation sprints.


### Week 11 (30/04/21, 10:00 - 10:30)

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

| Item        | Notes                                                                                                                     |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| API     | The API works and we have an MVP                                                                              |
___

### Week 11 (28/04/21, 10:00 - 10:30)

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

| Item        | Notes                                                                                                                     |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| API     | Some bugs to fix out, Efan to get on it                                                                               |
| Documentation | Documentation has starte on GitHub |
___
### Week 11 (27/04/21, 10:00 - 10:30)

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

| Item        | Notes                                                                                                                     |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Testing     | Ella to get on second round of User Testing                                                                               |
| Integration | First prototype of backend is completed, have to integrate into repo to produce an MVP, will do this in the 1pm SEGP slot |
___
### Week 11 (26/04/21, 10:00 - 10:30)

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

| Item          | Notes                                                                                                                                                               |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Frontend      | First prototype of login page is completed, will need to be merged into dev                                                                                         |
| Documentation | Everyone can begin to start adding their bits to the shared document on the Desk 01 Channel on Teams, Keane to push to Github periodically to avoid merge conflicts |

___
### Week 10 (22/04/21, 10:00 - 10:30)

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

| Item     | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Frontend | Game not loading after clicking start game, tried reverting to a previous commit as well, but still doesn not work, spoke to Stuart about it, will get Marceli on it if the problem persists. |
| Frontend | Issue magically resolved itself, but will reach out to Stuart if required                                                                                                                     |

___
### Week 10 (21/04/21, 10:00 - 10:30)

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

| Item          | Notes                                                                                              |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Integration   | Linking of back and front end set as main priority                                                 |
| Backend       | Backend needs access to email and the times of the current user                                    |
| Frontend      | Welcome page to be added by Ella                                                                   |
| Frontend      | Play again, view scores button has been added                                                      |
| Documentation | Shared document created on Desk 01 Channel on Teams, done to avoid conflicts when pushing to Github |
___
### Week 9 (16/04/21, 10:00 - 10:30)

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

| Item             | Notes                                                     |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| Authentification | User emails are sufficient, can enforce them to be unique |

___
### Week 9 (15/04/21, 10:00 - 10:30)

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

| Item              | Notes                                                                                |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Frontend          | News distractions overlaid and successfully moving across the screen                 |
| Literature Review | Literature review with referencing (4000 words) completed and uploaded to repo.      |
| Merging           | Feature branches now merged, conflicts have been resolved                            |
| Testing           | Will wait for the technical walkthrough on testing before we begin to implement this |

___
### Week 9 (13/04/21, 10:00 - 10:30)

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

| Item           | Notes                                                                                                             |
| -------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| API            | Further progress made on API development                                                                          |
| Frontend       | Sounds, news distractions now successfully appearing during game, added to dev branch                             |
| Authentication | Front and backend collaboration required to implement user implementation, look to start work once we have an MVP |

___
### Week 9 (12/04/21, 10:00 - 10:30)

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

| Item        | Notes                                                                                    |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| API         | Efan working on API to link database and frontend                                        |
| Integration | Discussion about integration of front and back end, tentative completion end of the week |
| Name        | Name changed from Lockdown Minds -> DistractAbility                                      |

___
### Week 9 (09/04/21, 10:00 - 10:30)

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

| Item     | Notes                                                            |
| -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Database | Alan has done the database schema and the code for the DB itself |
| API      | Efan working on API to link database and frontend                |
| Frontend | Josh working on randomising news sources                         |
| Frontend | Ella to work on CSS & linking news sources to frontend/site      |
| Report   | Ella to write up prototyping & end user testing process          |
| Site     | Keane working on Dockerfile                                      |

___
### Week 9 (08/04/21, 10:00 - 10:30)

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

### Agenda Items

| Item       | Notes                                                                                                                                       |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Data Model | Database schema model done                                                                                                                  |
| Frontend   | - News sources now being pulled <br> - Decision needed on whether to move across screen or flash, depending on complexity of implementation |
___

### Week 9 (06/04/21, 10:00 - 10:30)

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

### Agenda Items

| Item       | Notes                                                |
| ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| Data Model | Alan to draft database schema                        |
| API        | Efan to figure out API to link database and frontend |
| Frontend   | Josh to check out oulling randomised news sources    |
___

### Week 9 (05/04/21, 10:00 - 10:30)

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

### Agenda Items

| Item | Notes                                                                     |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Jira | Decided to use GitHub pages instead, Jira introduces unnecessary overhead |
___

### Week 9 (31/03/21, 16:15 - 16:30)  - Feedback session with Allison / Marceli

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

### Agenda Items

| Item         | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Jira         | Consider using github issues instead? More transparent for the examiners to follow timeline of project. <br> If we do use Jira, need to upload screenshots, extra work, quick decision required next standup |
| Github pages | Marceli suggested that we use Github pages (free) to host a live version of our website, discuss more on the next standup.                                                                                   |

___

### Week 8 (29/03/21, 12:00 - 12:30)  

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

### Agenda Items

| Item                             | Notes                                                                                |
| -------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Card matching game as first game | Good tutorial to set one up, easy to implement                                       |
| Baseline website                 | Baseline required where everyone can pull from, Josh to push card game to dev branch |
___


### Week 8 (23/03/21, 13:15 - 13:30)  

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

### Agenda Items

| Item             | Notes                                           |
| ---------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| End user testing | Created GitHub folder for end user testing data |

___


### Week 7 (21/03/21, 12:00 - 12:30)  

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

### Agenda Items

| Item    | Notes                                                                                   |
| ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Scoping | Decided that we will rescope and reevaluate at the end of every week during our sprints |

___


### Week 7 (19/03/21, 12:00 - 12:30)  

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

### Agenda Items

| Item         | Notes                                                                                                                                            |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| User surveys | - For our UX / UI, consider making the game happen inside a phone screen, where some of the disctractions involve incoming message notifications |

___


### Week 7 (18/03/21, 10:20 - 10:40)  

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

### Agenda Items

| Item                                 | Notes                                                                                            |
| ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| This is the scoping workshop session | Refer to Week slides                                                                             |
| Primary Objectives                   | - Build a basic, fully tested game that works <br> - Strike a good balance between work and play |
| Secondary Objectives                 | - User authentication                                                                            |
___


### Week 7 (17/03/21, 12:00 - 12:30)  

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

### Agenda Items

| Item                  | Notes                          |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| Create 5 user stories | Core funcionality user stories |

___

### Week 7 (15/03/21, 12:00 - 12:30)  

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

### Agenda Items

| Item                                | Notes |
| ----------------------------------- | ----- |
| Set up Jira account, added everyone |
| Integrated Jira with GitHub         |

___


### Week 6 (14/03/21, 10:00 - 11:45)  

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska

### Agenda Items

| Item                                         | Notes |
| -------------------------------------------- | ----- |
| Created prototype for new idea using AdobeXD |
| Documented prototyping process [insert link] |


___

### Week 6 (12/03/21, 16:00 - 16:30)  

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

### Agenda Items

| Item                                                                        | Notes |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----- |
| Decided to create a simple math game for starters before pulling a game API |
| Need to research on game APIs                                               |
| Mainly updates to task tracker                                              |

___

### Week 6 (11/03/21, 10:30 - 11:00)  

### Attendees
- Joshua Robertson
- Alan Cen
- Efan Haynes
- Ella Gryf-Lowczowska
- Keane Fernandes

### Agenda Items

| Item                                                                                                                                          | Notes |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----- |
| Decided to switch from Sustainability idea to new problem of "distraction in lockdown"                                                        |
| Made folder in Git for old (Sustainability) idea and committed the prototype for the Sustainability idea                                      |
| Allocated provisional division between front/backend for team members: Josh and Ella front end; Efan and Alan back end; Keane backend/DevOps. |
| Arranged a meeting on Sunday to prototype the new idea                                                                                        |

___

